[TASK] Guide for Creating a Page with Drag and Drop (#10)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Guide-StepByStep: Documentation/10GettingStarted/30ContentCreation/10CreateAndOrganizePages/CreateAPageWithDragAndDrop.md

   ![Bildschirmfoto20250821um152942.png](assets/PageModule.png)
2. Expand the page tree so you see the place where you want to add your new page.
3. At the top of the page tree, locate the **new page icons** (representing different page types).

   ![Bildschirmfoto20250821um153601.png](assets/PagetreeIcons.png)
4. Drag the **Standard page**icon
   and drop it:

   1. **Between two existing pages** → creates a sibling page at the same level
   2. **On top of an existing page** → creates a child page under that parent
5. When prompted, enter a title for your new page and press **Enter**
   ![Bildschirmfoto20250821um154322.png](assets/Pagetitle.png)
6. Confirm the new page appears in the page tree at the position you selected.

## Summary

You created a new TYPO3 page by dragging a page icon from the top of the page tree and dropping it into position. This is the quickest way to add pages while building your site structure.

## Next steps

Now that you’ve added a page, you might like to:

* [Enable a page]() so it becomes visible in the frontend
* [Create a page with the context menu]() for more precise placement
* [Add content to your page]()

## Resources

> * [Creating pages in the TYPO3 Editors Tutorial](https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/tutorial-editors/main/en-us/Pages/CreatingPages/Index.html#pages-creating)

Reviewer: Good to use a permalink. 
<img width="540" height="382" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7ed2092c-908c-4fef-9078-dc0b86c9ed31" />

```suggestion
* [Creating pages in the TYPO3 Editors Tutorial](https://docs.typo3.org/permalink/t3editors:pages-creating)
```
